1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

Why do people tend to binge eat when going through heartbreak? 
How beneficial is binge eating after breakups? 

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.


a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

100 
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

0

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?

100

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

The line shrunk, the highest score is 48 and low is 0.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

Hamburgers has higher popularity peaks than milkshake, more people have interest in hamburgers than milkshakes. 

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger? 
Yes the relationship is close, it has a relation where when people search breakup the same amount of people are searching for hamburgers. Correlation is close. 

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
Breakup and milkshakes have a negative correlation. The more breakups the less milkshakes. 

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?

The reliability is false when being adding in hamburgers, there might be a relationship there but there is not a strong correlation. 

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.” Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
North Carolina 

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

Montana 